Welcome to the Fenix Alliance Group!
-----------------------------------

We want to thank the global community for making use of our products and services (hereafter “the Services”). The Services are provided by Fenix ​​Alliance S.A.S (“Fenix Alliance”), whose main address is Diagonal 67a # 1a - 10. Tunja, Boyacá. 150003, Colombia. By using our physical and material Services, you are accepting these conditions. Please read them carefully. Our set of services can be very diverse, which is why, on occasion, additional conditions or other requirements (including age, schooling and financial solvency requirements) may apply. The additional conditions will be available together with the relevant Services and will be an integral part of this contract to which you are subject to us through the use of the services. The Services provided by the Fenix Alliance are constantly evolving and the form and nature of said Services (also the terms and conditions inherent to each of them) may change without prior notice. In addition, the Fenix ​​Alliance may stop providing (permanently or temporarily) the Services (or any feature included in the Services) to you or to users in general and without prior notice. It also reserves the right to set limits on use and storage according to its sole understanding, at any time and without prior notice.

### 1. Use of our Services

Those present govern your access and use of our services, you agree to follow the policies available within the Services. Do not misuse our Services. For example, do not interfere with our Services or attempt to access them by any method other than the interface and the instructions we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including the corresponding export control and re-export laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you breach our conditions or policies or if we are investigating alleged misconduct. The use of our Services does not grant any intellectual property right over our Services or content that you access. You may not use the content of our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or if it is permitted by law. These conditions do not grant you the right to use any brand or logo used in our Services. Do not delete, hide or modify any legal notice shown in our Services or with them. Our Services show certain content that does not belong to the Fenix Alliance. Said content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine if it is illegal or if it violates our policies, and we may remove or reject the display of content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. However, this does not mean that we review content, so it should not be assumed that we will. In relation to your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may reject some of these communications. Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use these Services in a way that may distract you and prevent you from complying with traffic or safety laws.

### 2. Your AccountHolder account

In some cases, it is necessary to obtain an AccountHolder identification number to use some of our Services or access some exclusive functions for identified customers. You can create your own AccountHolder account and with it, you will be assigned a unique number. You may only use these Services if you accept a binding contract with the Fenix Alliance and are authorized to receive such Services under the laws of the United States regarding data applicability and protection or other applicable jurisdiction. If you accept these Terms and use the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government or other legal entity, you declare and warrant that you are authorized to do so. You may only use these Services in accordance with these Conditions and any applicable law, regulation or regulation of a local, state, national or international nature. Occasionally, an administrator, for example, your employer or educational institution, may assign your AccountHolder account to you. If you use an AccountHolder account assigned by an administrator, different or additional conditions (determined by the administrator, who can access, sanction or disable your account may apply).

#### ** 2.1 Passwords **

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password that you use to access the Services and for any other activity or action for which you need your password. Remember that you are responsible for the activity carried out in or through your AccountHolder account. We recommend using “secure” passwords (passwords that use the combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) in your account. [Read our safety recommendations and guarantees] (https://www.fenix-alliance.com/es-co/technology-and-innovation/online-safety/). The Fenix Alliance cannot be held responsible or liable for any loss or damage resulting from non-compliance with the above requirements.

If you detect unauthorized use of your AccountHolder account or your password, [follow these instructions] (https://soporte.fenixalliance.com.co/faq-items/cambiar-la-contrasena-cuenta-allianceid).

## 3. Privacy and Intellectual Property Protection
-------------------------------------------------- -

Any information that you or other users provide to Fenix ​​Alliance is subject to our [Privacy Policy] (https://fenixalliance.com.co/legal/politica-de-privacidad), which governs the collection and use of your information. By using our Services, you agree that Fenix ​​Alliance may use such data in accordance with our privacy policies and thereby, submits to the use of this information, including the transfer of such information to the United States, and/or other countries for its storage, processing, and use by the Fenix ​​Alliance. As part of the provision of the Services, we may have to send you some communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out of receiving them; However, we promise to avoid the "Spam" in the content we send.

#### ** 3.1 Copyright Policy **

Fenix Alliance respects the intellectual property of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. If you believe that your Content has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, Fenix ​​Alliance strongly requests that you provide the following information: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on your behalf; (ii) identification of the material subject to the copyright claims that they have been violated; (iii) identification of the material that is alleged to have been violated or subject to the activity of violation and that should be removed, or whose access should be prohibited, and any pertinent information to allow our operators to locate the material; (iv) the user's contact information, including address, telephone number, and email address; (v) the statement of the user who believes in good faith that the copyright holder, his representative or the law, has not authorized the use of the material according to the manner in which it has been exposed; and (vi) a statement confirming that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the user is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder.

We reserve the right to remove Content that allegedly infringes these rights without prior notice, in our sole understanding and without any liability to you. In certain circumstances, the Fenix ​​Alliance may also close a user's account if it is determined that he has violated these provisions on more than one occasion. The Fenix Alliance will respond to notifications of alleged copyright infringements that are provided in an appropriate manner and terminate the AccountHolder accounts of repeat infringers in compliance with the "_ [Digital Millennium Copyright Act] (https: // www. gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-105publ304/pdf/PLAW-105publ304.pdf)"_ of the United States of America. The agent designated for the notification of alleged copyright infringements in the Services is as follows:

Fenix Alliance International. Attn: Copyright Agent 7630 NW 25 Street # 2B ** (L004724) ** Miami, FL. 33122 Reports: [https://www.fenix-alliance.com/es-co/corporate/legal/dcma/[(https://fenixalliance.com.co/legal/copyright/dcma/) Email: copyright @ Fenix-alliance.com

##  4\. User rights and responsibility for the content in our Services
------------------ -------------------------

The responsibility for all Content, published publicly or privately, rests with the author of said Content. Some of our Services allow you to upload, store, send or receive content. You will retain the intellectual property rights you own over such content. In short, what belongs to you continues to be yours. By sending, reproducing or displaying Content on the Services or through them, you will grant Fenix ​​Alliance (and those with whom we work) a worldwide, non-exclusive and free license (as well as the right to sub-license) on the use, copying, reproduction, processing, adaptation, modification (such as translations, adaptations or modifications we make so that its content works better with our Services), publication, transmission, exhibition and distribution of such Content through any means or method of present or future distribution. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. The previous license will remain even if you stop using our Services (for example, a course uploaded to Learn Alliance). Some Services may offer you different ways to access and delete content that has been provided for that Service. In addition, in some of our Services, there are conditions or configuration parameters that limit the scope of our use of the content provided in those Services. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content you submit to our Services. We cannot monitor or control the Content published through the Services and we are not responsible for such Content. It is your sole responsibility to use or trust that you may give to any Content or material reproduced through the Services or that you have obtained through the Services. You are responsible for the use of the Services, for any Content you provide and for any other consequences that this may cause, including the use of your Content by other users and third-party partners. You understand that your Content may be syndicated, transmitted, distributed or published by our partners and that, if you did not possess the right to submit such Content for such use, the responsibility would be yours. Under these Conditions, Fenix ​​Alliance will not be responsible for the use of User Content by Fenix ​​Alliance. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, powers and authority necessary to grant the license to the rights granted through this document of all Content you submit. We do not endorse, support, express or warrant that the Content or communications made through the Services are complete, truthful, accurate or reliable, nor do we approve the opinions expressed through the Services. You understand that the use of the Services may expose you to offensive, harmful, erroneous or inappropriate Content, or in some cases, to messages mislabeled or misleading. Fenix ​​Alliance will not be liable, under any circumstances and in any way, for any Content, including, among others, any errors or omissions in the Content or any loss or damage of any kind as a result of the use of any Posted Content, sent by email, transmitted or made available through the Services or issued on other media. Our automated systems analyze the content (including emails) to provide you with product features that are relevant to you, such as posting comments and marketing circulars, as well as detecting "spam" and malicious software. This analysis is performed with the use of security plugins while the content is sent, received and when it is stored. If you have an AccountHolder account, we may show your Profile name, your profile photo and the actions you take on our platform or in third-party applications connected to your account through the Fenix ​​Alliance Connect Services service (external content connection agent ). We will respect the decisions you make to limit the sharing or visibility level setting in your AccountHolder account. For example, you can set up your account so that your name and photo do not appear as visible to the general public. If you use the trading features of the Services that require credit or debit card information, such as the "Buy Now" or "sensitive data storage" feature, you accept our Trading Conditions. You can find more information on how Fenix ​​Alliance and Fenix ​​Alliance Connect Services use and store content in the privacy policy or in the additional terms of specific Services. If you send comments or suggestions about our Services, we may use them without any obligation to you.

### 5\. About the software in our Services
-------- ----
The Fenix Alliance accomplishes most of its objectives through a PaaS (Platform as a Service) model, which includes the automation of the service for better results. When a Service requires or includes downloadable software (own or third-party), this software may be automatically updated on your device when a new version or function is available. Some Services may allow you to predetermine your automatic update settings, for example, our official applications for Android (Google OS), OS X (Apple OS) and Microsoft OS. The privacy policies and terms of the third-party service are still valid after the service has been terminated by the Fenix ​​Alliance, and will no longer be binding at the time of dispensing with the services of these third parties.

### 6 \. User license to use the Services

Fenix ​​Alliance provides you with the acceptance of these Terms and Conditions a personal, international, royalty-free, no transfer right and no exclusivity license to use the software that Fenix ​​Alliance makes publicly available as part of the Services. The license is provided for the sole purpose of allowing you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Fenix ​​Alliance as provided in these Terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or license any part of our Services or the included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of such software, unless these restrictions are prohibited by law or that you I would have obtained our written permission. Open-source software is important to us. Some of the software used in our Services may be offered under an open-source license that we will make available to you. It is possible that some of the provisions of the open-source license expressly nullify some of these conditions.

### 7 \. Modification and cancellation of our Services

We constantly change and improve our Services. We may add or remove features or features, and also suspend or discontinue a Service in its entirety. You may stop using our Services at any time, although we would be sorry if you did. The Fenix Alliance may also stop providing the Services, or add or create new limits to the Services at any time. The current Conditions will continue to apply until you or Fenix ​​Alliance terminate them as follows: You may terminate your legal agreement with the Fenix ​​Alliance at any time and for any reason, if you deactivate your accounts and stop using the Services. You do not need to specifically inform the Fenix Alliance when you finish using the Services. If you stop using the Services without deactivating your accounts, our system may deactivate them due to prolonged inactivity under your Inactive Account Policy. Fenix ​​Alliance may suspend or cancel AccountHolder accounts or stop providing all or part of the Services, at any time and for any reason, for the following reasons, among others: if we believe (i) that you have violated these Terms or the Rules of use and enjoyment of the service, (ii) that you pose a risk or possible legal exposure to the Fenix Alliance; or (iii) that the provision of the Services by the Fenix ​​Alliance is no longer commercially viable for our corporate and commercial interests. The company will make reasonable efforts to notify you through the email address associated with your account or the next time you try to access your AccountHolder account. In such cases, the Conditions will be terminated, including, among others, your license to use the Services, except the following sections that continue to apply: 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11 No provision of this section will affect Fenix ​​Alliance's rights to change, limit or stop the provision of the Services without prior notice, as provided in section 1. We believe that you are the owner of your data and that preserving your access to such data is important. If we cancel a Service, and whenever this is reasonably possible, we will notify you with reasonable anticipation and provide you with the possibility of obtaining information under that Service.

### 8 \. Fenix ​​Alliance rights

All right, title or interest in relation to the Services (except the Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Fenix ​​Alliance and its entities. The Services may be protected by copyright and trademark laws, and by other laws of both the United States and other countries. These Conditions do not grant you any right to use the name, trademarks, logos, domains or other distinctive features of the brand belonging to the Fenix Alliance. Any response, comment or suggestion that you provide with respect to Fenix ​​Alliance, its entities or the Services is completely voluntary and Fenix ​​Alliance is free to use such information, comments or suggestions as it deems appropriate without any obligation towards the user.

### 9 \. Our guarantees, disclaimer and limitations of liability

Read this section carefully because it limits the liability of the Fenix ​​Alliance and its departments, parent companies, its subsidiaries, its affiliates, its related companies, officers, employees, agents, representatives, partners and assignors (called “Fenix Alliance Entities”) . We provide our Services with a commercially reasonable level of competence and care, and we hope you enjoy such Services. But there are certain things that we do not promise about our Services. Each subsection below only applies to the maximum extent allowed under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, so the content of this section may not be applicable. No provision in this section is intended to limit any rights that you have and that cannot be legally limited.

#### **2. Services are available "AS IS" **

Access to and use of the Services or any Content will be done at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are offered "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE". Notwithstanding the foregoing, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

EXCEPT FOR WHAT IS EXPRESSLY ESTABLISHED IN THESE CONDITIONS OR IN ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS, the Fenix ​​Alliance Entities do not make a declaration or offer any warranty, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and are exempt from any liability arising from the following: (i) the MERCHANTABILITY of the service, (ii) ADEQUACY FOR A CERTAIN PURPOSE OR NON-VULNERATION OF COPYRIGHT. (iii) the integrity, accuracy, availability, punctuality, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (iv) damage to any computer system, loss of data or any other damage resulting from access to or use of these Services or any Content; (v) the deletion or failure of storage or transmission of any Content or other communication maintained by the Services; and (iiv) the fact that the Services meet the user's requirements or are available continuously, safely or without errors. No notice or information, in oral or written format, obtained from the Fenix Alliance Entities or through the Services, will create any guarantee that is not expressly found in this text.

IN SOME JURISDICTIONS CERTAIN WARRANTIES ARE PROVIDED FOR, FOR EXAMPLE, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR SOME PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF RIGHTS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.

#### ** b. Links **

The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the Fenix Alliance Entities are not responsible for the following: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources or (ii) the content, products or services of these websites or resources, or that are available on such websites or resources. Links to these websites or resources do not imply support by the Fenix Alliance Entities to such sites or resources, or to the content, products or services available on such sites or resources. You know and assume all responsibility and risk arising from the use of any of these websites or resources.

#### ** c. Limitation of liability for our Services **

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FENIX ALLIANCE, ITS ENTITIES, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DISCLAIMER, LOSS OF PROFIT, OF DATA OR FINANCIAL, USE, GOODWILL OR OTHER LOSSES, INTANGIBLE DAMAGES, EMERGENTS, EXAMPLES OR PUNITORIES THAT COME OUT AS A RESULT OF (i) YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OR IMPOSSIBILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE; (ii) ANY CONTENT OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, AMONG OTHERS, ANY OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATION ACT OR ANY ILLEGAL ACT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD-PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF ITS TRANSMISSIONS OR ITS CONTENT.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FENIX ALLIANCE TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY, ITS ENTITIES AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THE PRESENT CONDITIONS, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT AVAILABLE BY THE SERVICE PROVIDE YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN, IF WE CHOOSE IT).

IN NO EVENT WILL FENIX ALLIANCE AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT ARE NOT REASONABLY FORECAST.

IN NO EVENT WILL FENIX ALLIANCE TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY, ITS ENTITIES AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS EXCEED THE VALUE OF ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS (100 USD) OR THE VALUE THAT THE USER PAID TO FENIX ALLIANCE, IN CASE OF WHICH THEY paid FOR OF A SERVICE, PHYSICAL OR DIGITAL, IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES THAT CAUSED THE CLAIM.

THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IT IS BASED ON WARRANTIES, CONTRACTS, STATUTES, AGGRAVES (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER FENIX ALLIANCE IS NOT INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY, EVEN A RESOURCE PROVIDED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS FAILED IN ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

### 10. Commercial uses of our Services
-------------------------------------------

If you use our Services with an AllianceID Holder Enterprise account on behalf of a company, that company accepts the following conditions. The company will keep Fenix ​​Alliance and its affiliates, directors, agents, and employees harmless from any claim, lawsuit or action related to the use of these Services or breach of these conditions, including cost repair (any cost or liability arising out of claims, losses, damages, lawsuits, judgments, litigation costs, and attorney fees).

### 11. General considerations of these Conditions

We may review and modify these conditions or the additional conditions applicable to a Service to, for example, reflect changes in the laws or in our Services. You should check the conditions periodically; the most current (current) versions will always be present on this page. We will publish notices about the modified additional conditions, in the corresponding Service. The modifications will not be applied retroactively and will come into force, not before fourteen days after its publication; however, modifications that reflect new functions of a Service or modifications made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not accept the modified conditions in a Service, you should cancel the use of that Service. If the review, in our sole understanding, is relevant, we will notify you by accessing the Services or an email sent to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after the revisions have been made, you agree to be bound by the revised Conditions.

#### **2. Assignment clause and partial nullity **

The inability of the Fenix ​​Alliance to enforce any right or provision of these Conditions shall not be considered as a transfer of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Conditions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Conditions will remain in full force and effect.

In the event of a conflict between these conditions and the additional conditions, the additional conditions will prevail in all matters relating to that conflict.

These conditions govern the relationship between Fenix ​​Alliance and you and do not generate any rights in favor of third parties.

If you do not meet these conditions, and we do not take immediate action, it does not imply any waiver of any rights that may apply to us (such as initiating an action in the future).
If any provision of these conditions is unenforceable, this will not affect the validity of the rest of the conditions.

#### ** b. Applicable law and competent jurisdiction **

These Conditions or any other action relating to them shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflicts of laws of California, the state or country of residence of the user. All claims that arise or relate to these conditions or the Services must be filed exclusively in federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you agree to submit to such jurisdiction and personal jurisdictional action. of these courts.

If the user is an entity of the federal, state or local government of the United States that uses the Services in its official capacity and is legally unable to accept the applicable law, jurisdiction or place of the clauses cited above, those clauses will not be applied to the user. For such entities of the US federal government. UU., Said Conditions, or any action in relation to them, shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to the conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law or to the extent permitted under federal law, by the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of applicable law).

#### ** c. Entire agreement and agreement between the parties **

These Terms, including the Rules of use and enjoyment of the service and the additional conditions applicable to the Fenix ​​Alliance Services and our [Privacy Policy](https://fenixalliance.com.co/legal/privacypolicy), constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between Fenix ​​Alliance and you in relation to the Services (excluding those services for which you have a separate agreement with Fenix ​​Alliance in which an explicit addition or replacement is considered in respect of these Conditions), and these Conditions they replace and replace any previous agreement between you regarding Fenix ​​Alliance and the Services. Beyond the members of the group of companies of which Fenix ​​Alliance International is the parent company, no other person or company will be a third party beneficiary of these Conditions.

For information on how to contact the Fenix Alliance, visit our [contact page](https://fenixalliance.com.co/support).

Effective Date "dd/MM/yyyy": 20/02/2020

Version: 1.2